Luo Shao, are you surprised?
Is it surprising?
So what's going on here?
Adi said
In Nanjing, our territory
You have our people in all walks of life
Ye Wei holds the army of Nanjing
We naturally have to be around him to have money.
How serious is it for business?
How many years have you received the vice prize from Miss Li?
General Night's co-pilot
I really didn't expect Taijun Guida to premiere to the sky
The cronies around General Night can be bought
Well, what you buy is not cooperative work.
Miss Lin's killer
Have big ambitions
A mere position of wealth and strength
Not worthy of his shrewdness
Work with us
Getting what you want is the wisest choice
Thank you for reading Taijun's praise
Great, that's great.
Upgraded Mu Linglong
Humph
Senluo Hall is indeed not what you want
It seems that the three masters will surely spread the wings of the eagle
skyrocket
Her Majesty the Queen
Weren't you very imposing yesterday?
Havoc Casino
Broken two of my son's fingers
And my son's life
Broke the incense of our country
Why are you not majestic now?
I'm going to break 10 fingers today
Avenge my son